as we enter round two of battle of
brothers we give me up one to nothing
it's true in the first round we really
saw the different styles of these
brothers at work yeah this begins yeah
another standoff right off the top has
got a size each other up see who's gonna
oh and see me does she get with a tackle
but it works against him he's on his
back he's really gonna follow up on
those news he put himself in a bad
position he's got to move right into a
secondary position so he can launch
everything like that so he's got his
back to the wall I see who she do this
it's his patent grizzly moon it makes
them look bigger and more intimidating
to really meant to just psych out his
opponent is oh look at zuppa care less
flying tackle straight into his face
zero song right through his brothers
technics and took it to it
even still seems to get some extension
of his body to knock them down and there
you go mushi is off balance and falls
ossining to the mat hopefully won't
sustain injuries but a new me doesn't
tackle the message okay sir he's just
not quite got the focus that he had in
the first round I don't know what the
problem is yet he came right back and
now that now Russia is again on the mat
and he's put in the call of light zumiez
but he's holding him it's like spring it
really does it's friggin to zumiez
picked up right from where he left off
in the first round and this looks like a
foregone conclusion here when she still
room his back did you see that he looks
like he's a distracted a little by the
yard it's gotta get his head back in the
game Zhu Li is a bit distracted by Gary
and 0 0 and mu she grabs his head slams
into the mat and that is the name of a
game it is and the yarn Oh a full body
slam least I know she's taking it to him
good follow-up move there got him pin
auxiliary brace it and he's a kid with a
counter at once again the yard he's fine
just leave it oh we've always she takes
him with a patented corkscrew move down
to the mat he's got zoo me see red and
by red I mean the red carpet and zoo be
seeing a lot of it if it is it doesn't
just back off a little and get back to
his see style when she got out back to
city
and that is it for the round and there
you go the judges did give it to mushi
they didn't deep and in that moment of
submission at the end and the yarn the
distraction of the yarn I'm telling good
shake that was a town I agree if mu she
can just keep his momentum up it'll work
for but right now both kitties are not
backing down could go either way just
like I remind all the viewers at home
kitty slam is against all organized
animal fighting and only believes in
animals at play which means if your kids
are playing and you set up a camera
that's fine